Hey, my claud code can now automatically
farm context from my Slack channels and
meeting transcripts. And it even updates
my Obsidian second brain, so I have full
visibility over everything going on at
my organization. And it happens all
before I log in in the morning. I can
even get a full briefing on deals,
decisions, and meetings I was never even
in. Every task is extracted, every
project updated, and every new contact
filed, all without touching anything.
And these farming agents run natively in
Claude Code in the cloud and on a
bulletproof schedule. Even if my laptop
is off, it doesn't matter. My Vault has
the full context of what's going on and
across my organization before I've even
opened Slack in the morning. In this
video, I'm going to show you exactly how
I built this, how you can set this tool
up for yourself, and I'm giving
everything away for free at the link in
the description. Just clone the GitHub
repo and go. Here's how it works. You
pick any tool where your company context
is shared. Think Slack, Notion, or
Fireflies, and set up a context farming
agent for it. That agent will
automatically pull context from that
tool into your second brain. You'll get
projects, people, and tasks created as
linked markdown files tracked in GitHub
and that you can read and edit directly
in Obsidian. And because all this
information lands in one vault, the
context compounds over time. Your claude
code can see what happened across Slack
and meetings and it creates one unified
context layer for your entire
organization. The best part is that this
works with any software that has an MCP.
And to make sure that it works for your
stack, I'm including a claude skill that
lets you generate context farmers on
demand. Later in this video, I'll show
you how this system fully briefs me for
a customer call, pulling info from
across Slack and Fireflies, so I know
exactly what's going on with them before
I even walk into the room. And it all
happens without me being on a single
call beforehand or searching through
mountains of Slack channels. And like
always, the whole GitHub repo is free
linked in the description below. If you
don't know me, my name's Brad. I'm a go
to market engineer and I've been
building with AI for 5 years now. I help
businesses but build AI systems exactly
like this one. And if that's you, links
are in the description. Before I show
you this working on a real deal, I want
to explain where the whole concept of
context farming fits in because it's the
piece that makes second brains like the
one I built a few weeks ago actually
useful for running a business. So here's
the general problem. You can set up a
second brain like the one I did in my
last video and it will be super
powerful. You can brain dump anything
into it, classify and plan your day,
delegate tasks to AI employees, but it
only knows what you tell it. And in any
real business, the important context
doesn't live in your head. It lives in
Slack channels you're not reading and in
meeting transcripts from calls that you
weren't on. The bigger your company
gets, the more context slips through the
cracks. I was recently talking to a COO
who's running a company across Slack,
Jira, and Google Docs. And he said to me
that things are just getting lost
between the stakeholders. And that's not
just a problem for him, that's a problem
for a lot of companies. It's not a lack
of tools, it's a lack of connected
context. So the solution is context
farming. Dedicated agents that go out
into your business tools, find what
matters, and bring it back into the
second brain. So here's the architecture
that makes that happen. You have your
business tools connected via MCP into
context farmers. These farmers are going
out and running every single day to find
new information and bring them back into
the second brain. That second brain then
classifies the information into tasks,
projects, people, and ideas. And then
from there, you have a context layer
sitting above all of your knowledge that
you can query on demand or that you can
write the /today command for and get
your daily briefing. You can even
schedule that today briefing so you have
it automatically on your machine. These
farmers are running as scheduled tasks.
So there's cloud scheduled tasks or dead
stop scheduled task or loop schedule
task. I'm going to recommend cloud
schedulers because that way it doesn't
matter if you close your laptop. These
farmers will always run. The cloud
farmers and obsidian and claude code all
feed into this one GitHub repo and
they're pushing and pulling from GitHub
to keep to make sure that all the
information is always up to date. Cloud
farmers are bringing in information from
outside sources. Obsidian lets you
manually edit those tasks and Claude
Code allows you to automatically jot
down notes really quickly. Everything is
converging through this GitHub repo and
it's the underpinning context layer that
everything drives from. Let me show you
exactly how powerful context farming is
in a real situation. So let's imagine
that I have a customer renewal coming up
for Meridian and I haven't been involved
in any of it. My team has been working
on it all week. They've had their heads
down in Slack channels and having
meetings about it, but I haven't had
time to read it and I'm probably not
going to. So I've got a customer call
coming up with Meridian soon and I need
to get a breast of exactly what's
happening with it right now. um cuz it's
in 15 minutes. So let's have a crack and
see what we can do with context farming.
So I have my second brain opened on my
left hand side here and I want to kick
off some context farming. So I already
have my farmers scheduled. So I'm going
to go into the schedule task in claude
code and go run. Now, that's launched a
sub agent inside of Claude code. And
that sub agent has started to hit the
Slack API through MCP and filtering
through all the messages in the last 24
hours and surfacing the important stuff
that we can feed back into our second
brain. I'll give you a look inside of my
demo Slack that I've set up. I have a
few different channels for sales, a CRM
migration, and customer support. And
I've been talking to myself in here a
little bit just to fill it with some
test data. Uh there's a bunch of noise
in here and each of these channels has a
little bit of key information about
Meridian that the second brain and these
context farmers will find and weave into
one narrative. So here's what landed
once it finished. It caught that we have
a CRM migration going on. Uh that
there's a sprint sprint 14. It's picked
up that we have our Meridian renewal and
that it's at risk worth 280K. Picked up
some conversations around our Q2
pipeline, the bulk import fix, uh and a
contact called Lisa Chen from Meridian.
So that's what the farmer has done. And
then when I actually open up Obsidian, I
can see that they're all here as well.
So I can see that, yeah, the CRM
migration's here. What's going on with
the Meridian renewal? You know, that's
280K ARR. It's due May 9th and the
account is at risk due to some ongoing
CRM bulk import issues that have
frustrated the customer. It says that
our key contact is Lisa Chen and the
next action is to walk her through on
April 7th. Uh so we have only a couple
of stakeholders at the moment. Lisa
Chen, who's the VP of ops at Meridian,
and then David Park, who's the COO. So,
no single Slack channel tells this
story. Claude has gone through and read
all three of them, found the bits that
connect to Meridian, and presented us
with a unified knowledge source on what
the Meridian renewal is doing at the
moment. But that's only one part of the
context farming workflow that we have
set up already. We haven't even looked
at our Firefly meeting transcripts for
the last week. And I know for a fact
that we had a sales meeting and a
support team meeting where Meridian was
mentioned. So what I'm going to do now
is run the next farmer and we'll see how
that additional layer of context layers
into the marine renewal and then from
there we'll be able to find some
insights so I can walk into this meeting
fully prepared. To do that I'm going to
go back to theuler inside of claude
cloud and run the fireflies farmer. Just
going to hit run now and do the exact
same thing. So the slack farmer gave me
some information about the renewal. We
know it's at risk. We know it's worth
280K. We know there's an issue with the
CRM migration going on and we know that
engineering is working on a fix because
they mentioned it in the support
channel, but let's see what other
information we can get from the
transcripts. So, I'm running the
Fireflies farmer now. And then what it's
doing is hitting the Fireflies API
through MCP. It's going and reading all
of my shared meeting transcripts. So,
not just mine. It can read any
transcript that you have access to in
your account. And then from there
pulling in all of the relevant
information and not creating new copies
of things, but updating our existing
second brain. So we have a full picture
of context from everything that's been
happening in my organization all week
long. Now, it's important to remember
that you won't have to run these farmers
manually. They're scheduled. So this is
going to happen every single morning
without you touching anything. The only
reason I'm running them manually now is
just for the demo. So some of the key
pieces of information that are inside of
Fireflies is that it's not just Lisa
Chen that's important to this renewal.
as a new stakeholder on the Meridian
side. They've just recently hired Marcus
Webb, new revenue operations director,
and he's been putting in a bunch of
different support tickets over the last
couple of weeks, and he's actually going
to be included inside of that meeting
that we have coming up that I'm walking
into. Now, we didn't know that just by
looking at Slack because this happened
in a impromptu conversation as part of
the sales team meeting. just a small
part of what was otherwise a really
extensive and long meeting that covered
a lot of the Q2 pipeline that's coming
up. So we can see here that the
Fireflies farmer has just recently
finished and we have a few more commits
that have rolled in. So we have the
Meridian call with Lisa Chen has been
updated. It's updated the CRM migration
project and it's added a new person
Marcus web into our second brain. So
Claude has taken that sales meeting
review and then paired it with the other
meetings that we have inside of our
Fireflies instance. So we have the
support weekly team review and the CRM
project review and all of these have
different parts pieces of information
that if we weren't looking at all of
them we wouldn't be able to have a
complete view of the renewal. So, inside
of the support transcript, we can tell
that Meridian has had a bunch of tickets
over the last couple of weeks around
their bulk import issue, and that the
person that's raising these tickets
isn't Lisa, it's Marcus, and that he's
been putting together what we could
probably infer as a bit of a technical
case against all of the failings of our
product. It's something that I want to
know if I'm walking into a meeting with
Meridian. Added to that, we have the CRM
migration project daily standup which
they've mentioned that they're working
on a fixed meridian and that it should
be out soon. So all of this information
is things that I need to know. So if I
take a look at the vault, I can see that
all of those files are being pulled in
now to my local Obsidian thanks to that
GitHub community plugin. I can see that
the CRM migration's been updated and my
Meridian renewal now has a bunch more
extra information. So, we have this new
Marcus web uh person and we have all of
the context that we've gathered from
that sales call. Then we also have in
our tasks view a bunch of different
tasks. But what I'm going to zero in on
is this Meridian call with Lisa Chen.
And it also mentions in here now that we
have Marcus Webb is now running an
independent operational valuation for
the CO. But let's be honest, I don't
want to go through and sift through my
second brain to find all this
information when I'm just about to walk
into a meeting. I want Claude to surface
it for me. So, let me show you how that
works. I'm about to walk into this
renewal meeting with Meridian. What do I
need to know about the state of the
account and what's going on with them?
Are there any fires that I should know
about? Cool. And now Claude has the
complete context of this unified
knowledge layer that we've been building
through our context farming. And it's
going to be able to answer for me
exactly what's going on with this
customer in a few seconds. And all of
this context is coming from meetings and
messages that I haven't read and wasn't
included on. It's extremely powerful.
You can see that there's a 280K renewal
at risk and that the is my largest
healthcare customer. It's also
identified that there's a hidden thread.
It's Marcus Webb, the head of RevOps
about 6 weeks ago. He's ex Salesforce
and it's been quietly running an
independent vendor evaluation. I've got
the full timeline here. I've got a
summary of all of the risks that are on
this account at the moment and
everything across the entire
organization. That's sales, support, and
engineering that is all happening around
this one customer, Meridian. So when I
walk into this meeting, I'm going to be
fully informed. So you can see there the
power of context layering with these
different context finders. If you're
able to pull information from Slack,
transcripts, plus Jura, support, all of
these different platforms, you can layer
them together and get a full picture of
exactly what's happening with any given
project, customer account, anything. And
you can get it without being included on
any of these meetings or reading any
messages or skimming through meeting
transcripts. Quick thing, this exact
repo I'm showing you is free and it's
linked in the description below. So, all
you have to do is go and clone it and
go. But if you're watching this and
thinking, how the hell am I going to
implement this type of system across my
entire organization, then that's
something I can help you with. I do AI
strategy sessions where I'll map this to
your specific tool stack and show you
how to build it. Link to the sessions is
in the description below. All right,
let's keep going. So, you've seen how
context farming works with Slack and
Fireflies, and these are the ones that
I've built for you. But if you're not
using these tools or you're using other
tools that you want to integrate inside
of your and build context farmers for,
then I've got you covered there as well.
Inside of the repo, again, linked in the
description below, you will find a
Claude skill for creating farmers. And
this skill covers everything. All you
need to do is tell it what tool you want
to context farm from, and it handles
everything else. It goes and finds the
MCP tool, connects it for you, and then
tells you exactly what you need to do to
get it scheduled inside of your account.
I'm going to show you exactly how easy
this is by setting one up for Notion.
Right now, the only prerequisite here is
that you need to have an MCP connector
available for that tool and preferably a
remote hosted connector. I'm going to
create a notion context farmer and I
want to keep track of all of the release
notes that are coming out from
engineering that get published to notion
every single week. So, let's go. It's
super easy. You just call the create
farmer skill and it goes and handles it
all for you. The first thing it's going
to go do is research uh the notion
connector which there is one available
for and then it's going to tell me
exactly how I need to connect it and
then from there go and build the sub
agent inside of the claw directory for
agents. Uh we'll see a notion farmer
come up and then from there schedule it
inside of my account. So this works on
demand. Once I've got that notion MCP
connected, it comes up here in my Claude
web connectors and now that's available
to claude code. So, I'm going to go back
in there and get it to continue. So, for
it to pick up notion, you're going to
want to close out of your uh terminal
and then reopen a new instance of Claude
code. So, then Claude can see all of the
new MCPS that you've connected. Because
I'm in a new session, I've had to
reiterate that I wanted to search for
engineering release notes. And then from
there, it's going to test my notion
connected to make sure it's all working
and then build out notion farmer. Now,
this context farmer creator skill has
handled everything for me. It's built
the sub agent inside of the agents
directory here. I can see it right here.
It has all of the instructions that we
need based on the other two uh agents.
And it's even offering to schedule it.
It's gone through and updated our watch
list with information about the
engineering docs that I wanted to keep a
track of. And it's updated my
settings.json to make sure the sub
agents don't run into any permissions
issues. So, I'm going to ask to schedule
it now. Schedule for 7 a.m. daily. It's
just confirming what I want the
scheduleuler to look like. And I'm just
going to say yes. And it's that easy.
It's giving me the link to open it. But
if I go into my claw desktop and go to
my schedule tab, I can now see that I
have my notion farmer ready to go and
with the instructions farm notion. It's
going to run tomorrow at 7:00 a.m. and
it has the notion connector already
added in. That's the pattern. It's so
easy. If you have a tool that has an MCP
connector, you can context farm from it.
And with this repo and the skills that
I've built for you, you're able to build
it so so so easily. All you have to do
is type slashcreatef farmer and the tool
you want to use and Claude will handle
the rest. I want to pause for a second
because what I showed you today was just
two contact farming agents and a Claude
skill that lets you set these up on
demand. That alone was enough for me to
walk into a custom meeting fully briefed
without reading a single Slack message
or watching a recording. But think about
where this goes to. Every tool in your
business can be a potential source of
context. Confluence pages, juro tickets,
Zenesk, HubSpot, Calendars, emails,
whatever. Each one of these could be
another farming agent running on a
schedule, writing context into one
unified knowledge layer that every AI
agent in your business can read from.
Your context gets deeper and your agents
are getting smarter. And it's because
the system has started to feed itself.
This is what context engineering looks
like in practice. It's not one person
manually stuffing information into
prompts. It's a system of agents that
keep context alive, current, and
connected. So, if you want to get
started with your new context farming
second brain, then here's exactly how.
You want to head over to the link at the
description below, which will take you
to this GitHub repository. Once you're
there, go to the use this template
button on the right hand side and press
create a new repository. This will copy
my template into your GitHub account.
And from there, you'll be able to set it
as private, which is super important,
and set a name. So, I'm going to set it
as second brain demo. As I said, it's
really important that you set the
visibility as private because if you
keep it as public, your notes will be
pushed to a public repository which
anyone on the internet can access. So
just make sure you set that as private.
Don't worry, the second brain setup will
confirm when you initialize it that it
is a private repo. So we should have you
covered there. But just be sure set it
as private. Go create repository.
Cool. Now I have a copy of the second
brain in my own account and it's
private. So I can clone this repository
onto my local machine. And then from
there I will be able to go ahead and
continue with the rest of the
configuration. So I want to go to this
green code button on the right hand side
and go open with GitHub desktop if I
have GitHub desktop installed. If you're
comfortable in the terminal, you can
always just copy this and uh do it that
way or ask Claude to clone the
repository for you. So, I'm going to go
open with GitHub Desktop. That'll open
GitHub Desktop on your machine. I'm
getting this error because I've already
cloned this before, but you'll just hit
clone again or clone for the first time.
Now that that's done, you have a local
copy of the second brain on your
machine. So, we can get into the config.
If you have an IDE like VS Code or
anti-gravity, then you'll want to open
that folder in your IDE. Next, now I'm
going to create a new terminal once I
have the repo opened in my IDE. Um, in
VS Code, you go new terminal at the top
here. You can always do that inside the
VS Code extension for Claude Code, but I
honestly just really prefer the terminal
experience to the extension. So, I'm
going to open it there now. So, the
first thing that you will do once you
have it cloned on your machine and we've
done all that stuff is to type /start
second brain. That will kick off the
onboarding command or skill that I've
created inside of this repo. And that
will get you set up with everything.
It's going to run this in init vault
script which is what checks that you
have a private repo and creates all of
our folders on the lefth hand side. So
now we have our daily ideas output
people projects task and weekly. If you
want a more detailed video about the
setup for the second brain link in the
description uh link above. So it will
ask us now to install the Obsidian Git
community plugin in Obsidian and then
configure these settings. So you want to
open Obsidian on your machine and it'll
take you to this page here. If you
already have a vault open, uh it'll open
there. But what you'll need to do is
open a new vault. So go file
and then open vault.
From this page, you want to go open
folder as vault and then press open.
I've already got it open here, but
you'll need to navigate to the second
brain uh folder that you have on your
machine and press open again. Now I have
my new Obsidian second brain on my
machine, and the vault has been
initialized. So the next thing I need to
do is go to the settings down here and
just go to community plugins and browse.
Now I can install the git plugin. Press
install and then enable and then
options. You'll need to go through the
settings here and set all the values
that I have prepared for you in claude
code. Uh you can just copy these
straight across. They should match up
correctly. The GitHub plugin is what's
going to keep our local changes to any
notes that we create within our obsidian
vault synced with GitHub and then with
claude code. So the farmers will be
feeding in from the cloud. We'll be
making edits locally here and then we
might also be making edits directly from
the repo which is how I like to use my
second brain. The next question it's
asking us is for context onboarding. So
this is really important uh as it helps
the second brain feel more personal and
work a hell of a lot better. So you can
dump as much context into claude code
here at the moment. I like to speak to
it. So if you hold down space on cla
code now you can do voice chat. So my
name is Brad. I'm a go to market
engineer. I want to keep a track of
slack channels uh like the sales team
slack channel, the support team slack
channel and the CRM migration slack
channel. I also have fireflies and there
are some weekly team meetings in there
that I want to keep a track of as well.
So, the sales weekly team meeting, the
support weekly team meeting, and then
the CRM daily standup. And then I can
let go of space and press enter. And
then Claude will go and automatically
fill in my context files here and make
sure my watch lists are up to date. Once
Claude's done that, you can go through
and check the watch lists yourself and
make any additional changes. And if
later down the track, you want to add
more channels for Slack or more meeting
cadences for Fireflies, you can do that
directly here in the watch list.md file.
You can also change the keyword signals
that Claude will read as tasks or
messages or pieces of context that it
should prioritize to write back into the
second vault. It it will fill it in with
some defaults like by EOD, deadlines,
blocker signals, things like that that
might mean that this context is
important. But this is totally
customizable and feel free to go in here
and make any changes that you want. The
start here command also functions as a
bit of a help command. So, if you ever
get stuck with the second brain or want
to know exactly how one of these
commands here works, then you can just
ask start here and give you a detailed
it'll it'll explain it to you. The next
thing it's asking us to set up is our
context farmers. And I want to make sure
that I have my Slack and my Fireflies
context farmer set up. So, I'm going to
do that now.
So, that'll kick off an initial context
farming run locally, but I'm going to
skip that now. I want to go and schedule
my farmers. So, I'm going to go /
schedule and then that will kick off
claude to schedule both of these context
farmers inside of my Claude account. I'm
going to schedule both of these farmers
for in the morning before I log into
work. There's one thing you need to keep
in mind though. You can't schedule these
farmers at the exact same time because
when they're bringing in information,
they can create merge conflicts. It's a
good idea to schedule at least 30
minutes in between each farmer's run.
So, I'm going to set one for 6:00 a.m.
and one for 6:30 a.m. So, both farmers
have been scheduled in my cloud claude
code account. So, I'm going to go to my
clawed desktop or you can do this in the
uh web app as well and just have a look
at those scheduled tasks. So, if I go to
the code tab on the right at the at the
top right there and then go to
scheduled. So, you can see I have two
farmers set up. A scheduled farmer for
Fireflies and a scheduled farmer for
Slack. This is where you can manage and
delete these farmers or go and add some
more later. So, I can see that my
Fireflies farmer will run tomorrow at
6:30 a.m. And you can see the prompt
that it's given it. Uh, and then you can
also see that the Slack farmer will run
tomorrow at 6:00 a.m. Uh, and you can
see all the prompt that's given it as
well. So, that's the complete setup
guide for the second brain with context
farming. Uh, from here you can start to
use it, run the farmers manually or go
through and start to add your ideas into
the second brain. And from now on, the
second brain will feed itself. I started
with Slack and Fireflies because that's
where most of my context lives. Yours
might live somewhere completely
different to that, but the pattern is
the same no matter what tool you're
working with. You connect an MCP, you
run create farmer and schedule it. Your
second brain gets smarter every day
without you even touching it. The link
to the updated repo is in the link in
the description. You can clone it and
go. If you want to know exactly how you
can build out these context farming
operations inside your organization
customized to your stack, let's jump on
a call and I'll map it out for you. You
walk away knowing exactly what to build.
Link is in the description. I'm also
building a marketplace for verified
clawed code skills, production ready,
vetted by real domain experts. If you
want early access, the wait list link is
in the description below. Thanks for
watching.